expected user journey

This app will be turned on before practice to set some goal. e.g., practice 200 shoots on the 3 point line.
start & end Time & Date will be recorded for future stats use. e.g., how much time used in avg for each practice, how much time needed for 100 shot, excluding the prep and cooldown times (5 mins for warmup, 10 mins after finishing the practice and come back to the phone to click stop practicing).
the total shoots planned, e.g., 200 shots as goal for this practice, would be broken down in to multiple rounds. each round, the user may shot 10/20/30/40/50 shoots and go back to the phone to update the result.
the user (i am the user to start with) would go back and forth in between practicing and updating his result to the phone on each round. he may update his result by click the make and miss button for that round. the number of shoot of each round is not pre-defined by users. each round user may shoot whatever number they see fit. 1st round maybe 50, 2nd round maybe 50, 3rd round maybe 40, 4th round maybe 40, 5th round maybe 20. to meet the goal of 200 shoot. the user may even decide to add more in his goal like shooting 220 total or whatever he sees fit.
the user may click "make" "miss" many times to indicate his total shooting practice of that round.
then user would go back and continue the practice then come back to the phone updating the result.
this cycle would continue until the user finish his practicing. this may exceed or miss his practice goal. e.g., he only practice 150 shots due to limited times but he wants to practice 200. this is okay. but it's important to set goal in the beginning. it's gonna be a stat to track on meeting the practice goal too. for stat, we would discuss in future to build up this function in future. first we need to build the app that can gather the data.
--Requirement-- 
1- need to run off line without internet. 
2- it's an app that record basketball shooting practice. 
3- the shooting practice app would split the basketball court into 5 direction facing the basket with 4 distance range plus 2 special areas: the area underneath the basket regardless of direction, freethrow. the distance are 1) between 10 to 15 feet, 2) 15 feet to 23 feet, 3) 23 feet (the 3 point line), 4) beyond 3 point line 26 feet or beyond (only applicable to the 3 direction facing the basket, otherwise it's out of bound). 
4- with the above, i would like to have a map/picture in future that user can click/touch and then decided how many shot they make/miss, then auto calculate the percentage. for now, it can be radio button to start with. 
5- each practice would be recorded for statistics purpose. e.g., the total percentage of today's practice, comparing the percentage of yesterday's practice or last week practice etc. generating a time line chart showing percentage trend of each practice over time. the stats should also be able to breakdown by the where the shooting was from based on the above areas breakdown. 
6- this app should split the screen in the 1) content and 2) menu component. top is content, bottom is menu. 
7- the menu has 1) practice, 2) stats, 3) setting 8- when the menu is clicked, the relevant is shown on the content. 9- backup the practice info in a csv 10- everything including future setting and preference can be backedup in icloud personal space 11- all practice info can be anonymously shared to the central server for analytic purpose. (this is way way future, coz this app is only gonna be use by me for now. but i wanna keep this option in future.)
